Add: pydantic_autodoc to build & cleanup API reference section (#328)
stravalib/stravalib: docs/reference/field-conversions.rst

============================
Field Conversions Module
============================
.. currentmodule:: stravalib.field_conversions

> The `field_conversions` module provides helper utility
> to convert various units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `field_conversions` module provides helper utility
functions to convert fields to (rich) types, e.g., `int` → `timedelta`.
```
